1. The lack of speaking placed a particular emphasis on the actions of the competitors, much in the way that a silent film would. With few words being spoken (by choice or by consequence of limitations), the narrative of the film must be carried by the actions of the characters. The lack of speech let me focus on the competitors, and feel the effort put into their actions by noticing their sweat and strained faces. Many times I noted that these people spend years of theiir lives training for only a minute of competition in the games. The orchestral music and ambient sounds like the roar of the crowd helped to put me in the mind of the competitors and how they must be feeling on this day. 

2. THe orchestral music combined with the slow motion helped to palce an emphasis on the grace of the human body. When you watch these events live, often what you see is a blur of motion, but when it is slowed down you are able to see the mechanical efficiency that has been honed by these olympians. The orchesttral music helped because this type of music is one that you tend to try to focus on and notice the small compositional details of, which works in parallel to how we view the games in the movie.

3. The reading by Fleetwood brought a lot insight into how black culture mingles with capitalism in the context of sports, but it also raised a lot of questions for me as a viewer of the movie Marathon. Many of the black athletes are not individuals to me in the sense that I do not know their story; when I read about lebron and serena, I know about how they rose to fame. The article does well to exposit their rise and how their race affected how people viewed them and talked about them, but the same cannot be said about the athletes in the movie. I would like to  know more about how these athletes were interpretted by society and if they had similar trajectories to the stories told in the article.

4. I think that the marathon can be thought of as a metaphor for both the black journey in sports as well as for the process of training for the olympic games as a whole. both are long and arduous journeys where there can be no faltering. In each event competitors much train every day to hone their craft in order to stand on the world stage. Even when the competition is done, there will still be more races to complete, and the journey does  not stop afterwards. The same can be said about the struggle for those of minority race in many aspects of the lives they live, especially during the decade and years prior to this event.

5. I think that yes, the director did want to highlight the lack of diversity. many events were dominated by black persons and this is very apparent throughout the film, as often enough the director will choose to focus in on the bodies of the competitors when they are preparing to begin the event. This can be related to the reading, as Fleetwood makes note of the media's intentness on the black figure as an icon of human physicality.

6. There is a stark contrast that can be seen between winning and losing in this movie. The director includes many shots that stick long wth individuals awash in their emotions at the end of their events. The director seeks to highlight the height of emotions found in the simplest of outcomes in both competition and in life: victory and defeat. I think it is unfair to attempt to discuss the importance of the crushing, grief ridden loss in this film without also discussing the elation and triumph portrayed in the moments of victory. Of note also was the desire for the competitors to share the  joy of their achievements with those who battled with them in these events, and the shows of comraderie were warming to see.