1/ I think the filmmakers added the beginning scene to indicate the stakes of the environment prior to actually releasing the characters into the death game. there is a long amount of time for suspense to build, as we understand that the puzzle box the characters are decoding leads to a dangerous situation.

2/ In contrast to the last movie, the camera movement and changing of location of the camera helped to immerse the viewer in the scene. especially when exploring the PTSD of the characters, the close up, tilted shots that put us close to (in the mind of) the character helped to give more information as well as immerse us.

3/ There were some things to unpack about some of the characters prior to knowing why they were all invited to the game. This made me wonder about how these traumatic events were linked to the game and what trait each of these characters shared; I was sure pretty quickly that they all had some sort of traumatic event in their past, which made me wonder about their characters.

4/ The pasts of the characters allowed certin events in the film to progress in the way that they did, such as when the veteran closed up in the vents, as well as characters knowing relevant information that was specific to the room they were in, which corresponded to their trauma

5/ In the modern world, it is absurdly easy to get information about a specific person, especially if you know just a few details about them and have an intermediate knowledge of computers. names can be linked to locations as well as plenty of online accounts that could expose much about a person. Consider also that these people might have been exposed in some sort of headline which would also have exposed their situation.

6/ I'm not sure if the survivors would be targeted by the corporation because it is evident that the testimonies are not being taken seriously. It seems like there is nothing that can be done to expose the organization, but they still might be targets anyways. perhaps there will be some sort of escape room game that involves old survivors of the game? who would accept that invite though.